# sci-sw-dev
Repository for projects in the PhD course Tools for Scientific Software Development and Data Science


# Peng Wang
This project is a practical and deepening knowledge after studying the 'Tools for Scientific Software Development and Data Science' course.
1. A more scientific approach to managing data and code
2. A deeper understanding and use of github, including downloading and uploading
3. How to make code look neater



# =============================================================================
# 1 Codes
# =============================================================================
# Main Code
0. your_script.sh includes 1_print_list.py and analyse_and_visualize.r codes.These two codes implement automatic fetching of .txt files and .pdf files

1. 1_print_list.py:
is the code to get print_result.txt results.
a. Firstly, getting the json data name and store them as file_names
b. Secondly, using process-function which can be found in print_kpthesaurus.py.
Print the json 'itemid' and 'kpthesaurus' data, and store them as print_result.txt

2. analyse_and_visualize.r is the R code. Which use .txt to get .pdf result.

# Library Codes
3. print_kpthesaurus.py is the code to get json 'kpthesaurus' results. I added a few contents to it, including printing the 'itemid' and 'kpthesaurus' results and save them as .txt.



# =============================================================================
# 2 Results
# =============================================================================
1. print_result.txt is generated by code 1_print_list.py
2. print_result.pdf is generated by code analyse_and_visualize.r with RStudio.
3. All these results and code are controled and achieved by your_script.sh










 
